Version
------------
This is release 2, which used Drizzle v1.


Ages - hold down Shift
------------
Q Kadish Tolesa (on top of pyramid)
W Eder Delin
  Q summer
  W winter
E Bahro Caves (live)
R Eder Tsogal
T Negilahn
  Q Urwin
  W 2-tailed monkey
Y Dereno
U Payiferen
  Q Urwin
I Tetsonot
O Minkata
  //Q night (use the in-game mechanism)
  //W day (use the in-game mechanism)
P Jalek Dador
  Q all columns in lower position
  W all columns in middle position
  E all columns in upper position
  R random heights 1
  T random heights 2 (extreme)
  Y toggle force field
  U drop a sphere
  I drop a small cube
  O drop a large cube
  P drop a long box
  A drop a wedge
  S remove all pieces
  D save column positions
  F load column positions
A Guild of Cartographers' Pub
S Guild of Greeters' Pub
D Guild of Maintainers' Pub
F Guild of Messengers' Pub
G Guild of Writers' Pub


Journals - hold down Ctrl
------------
Q Jalak Journal
W Minkata Journal
E Negilahn Journal
R Gahreesen Wall Help
T KI Nexus FAQ
Y Poetry


Misc
------------
~ or + (depending on what's available without a modifier key on your keyboard): enter/exit flymode
If your Relto book has a black swirly image it's probably because you linked to the LiveBahroCaves and didn't link out by dropping below. To fix this, either link back to the LiveBahroCaves and drop through the hole until you link out, or just exit and restart the game.
Zandoni: Link to the rainy cleft, and hit Q to activate the telescope lens Easter egg. Or just use flymode, to go directly to the Zandoni.
If you want to disable the Ubisoft video, just rename avi/Intro0.bik to avi/Intro0.bik.old
To install the nocd patch, rename sp.dll to sp.dll.old and rename UruExplorer.exe to UruExplorer.exe.old, then copy over the files from the nocdpatch folder to replace them.


Installation
------------
Backup your /sav folder. I've never had a problem, but it's best to be safe.
Either:
  Simpler option      ) Run the install.bat file in the 'volatile' folder.  It's simpler, but not well tested.
  More reliable option) Copy the contents of each folder into the associated folder in your 'Path of the Shell'/'Complete Chronicles' installation. That includes copying pythoncommand.txt into the main folder.
Run the game at least once, then quit and run SoundDecompress.exe, which is located in the main folder.

